Lu Tingyue
Don't forget we're getting married by agreement
You negotiate a deal with me
Since you negotiated a deal with me
It's clearly written in the agreement
Neither partner is allowed to be unfaithful in marriage
Do you think I would be unfaithful to my marriage?
Before the agreement expires
Don't even think about the divorce, Mrs. Lu
What happened on the last phone call
Excuse me?
I hardly ever look at them.
Lu Ting also has times when she is so out of control
What do you mean?
Kind of rare
Stop making fun of me
Senior, you came to me today
Is because
About the school uniforms I told you last time
Remember that?
I remember but what's wrong
You can tell me if you have any difficulties.
I would love to help you.
But I'm really powerless
I don't want to hide it from you.
I have cancer.
The cancer has metastasized